## Examples of user stories

1. As a marker, I want to upload one or more assignment submissions to generate questions for a the viva sessions.
2. As a marker, I want to be able to access previously generated questions.
3. As a marker, I want to be able to use the tool to assess the quality of writing in terms of grammar, spelling and presentation.
4. As a system admin, I want to be able to edit prompts, so that the system outputs better quality results
5. As a system admin, I want to be able to change the AI tool used, so that the tool required by the marker is used.


## Comments

### Eric - Tuesday, 6 August 2024, 8:16 AM
I found it difficult to imagine a user story without discussing the available technologies/methods to tackle the problem. At the same time, the example user stories already cover most of the situations. I think we should start figuring out the features we need to implement. 


# Draft User stories following the expected format:
## Format being followed: 
-  As a Role, I want to Goal, so that benefit
## Different roles:
### Admin
1. As an admin, 
### Unit Convener 

1. As a unit convener, I should be able to create a unit in the application, so that I can do all tasks related to that unit there.
2. As a unit convener, I should be able to create multiple projects within a unit, so that each project can be for a particular examination/assessment within a unit. 
3. As a unit convener, I should be able to add collaborators / TAs / markers within the unit, so that they can complete their assigned task.
4. As a unit convener, I should be be able to assign a role to each collaborator / TA / marker I add to the unit so that I can give them different level of access to the projects.

### Unit convener and TA with write access
1. As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to login with my microsoft account, so that I can access the platform.
2.  As a unit convener and TA, I should be batch upload pdfs to individual projects so that I can have all the assignment submissions for that project in one place.
3.  As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to upload a CSV file per project containing student details
4. As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to view all the pdfs I uploaded in a particular project as a list, so that I can select one to work with.
5.  As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to select one pdf out of the list to ask questions/prompts so that I can generate questions per student pdf.
6.  As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to download the generated questions as a text file, so that I can save it on my own computer. 
7.  As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to view the pdfs I uploaded within each project even after closing the application, so that I can keep track of individual projects in the future. 
8.  As a unit convener and TA, I should be able to view the generated questions per student document per project after closing the application, so that I can access these questions for analysis/reference in the future. 

### FrontEnd Developers
1. As a frontend developer, I need be able to send the user Microsoft login details to a backend endpoint so that the user can be authenticated before accessing the application. 
2. As a frontend developer, I need be able to send the following to a backend endpoint so that all these details can be stored in the database.
   1. All the files a user batch uploads within a project.
   2. With each file labelled with the student and assignment/project data. 
   3. And the details of the user that uploaded them. 
3. As a frontend developer, I need be able to send the following to a backend endpoint so that these details can be stored in the database.
    1. The questions generated by the AI module per pdf.
    2. Along with the student and assignment/project details per pdf.
4. As a frontend developer, I need to be able to send the unit details, and the convener details creating that unit to a backend endpoint, so that it can be stored in the database.
5. As a frontend developer, I need to be able to send the project details created per unit, and the convener details creating those projects to a backend endpoint, so that it can be stored in the database. 
6. As a frontend developer, I need to be able to send the details of the added collaborators, along with the role assigned to them to a backend endpoint, so that access control can be maintained. 

### AI developers
1. As a AI developer, I need to be able to request for a particular file from a backend endpoint, so that when a user selects a file to generate questions for, I can send that file to the language model. 
2. As a AI developer, I need to be able to receive the requested file from a backend endpoint, so that I can send that file to the language model. 
### Backend Developers
1. As a backend developer, I need to

